Update various sections of the documentation (#7)
envless/docs: pages/cli/init.mdx

## Initialize Envless

To initialize Envless in your project, simply run the `envless init` command from your terminal. Before running this command, ensure that you are in your project's root directory.

<Tabs items={["Terminal"]}>
  <Tab>``` envless init ```</Tab>
</Tabs>

When you run the `envless init` command, a new `.envless` file will be created in your project's root directory. This file will contain your project ID and the name of the branch you are currently working on.

Here's an example of how the `.envless` file might look:

```json
{
  "projectId": "xxxxxxxxxxxxxx",
  "branch": "development"
}
```

> By following these simple steps, you can quickly and easily initialize Envless in your project and start managing your environments with ease.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By following these simple steps, you can quickly and easily initialize Envless in your project and start managing your environment variables with ease.
```
